#310: improved documentation (#316)
exasol/virtual-schemas: doc/user-guide/user_guide.md

* How does the **CREATE VIRTUAL SCHEMA** statement look like, i.e. which properties are required.
* **Data source specific notes**, like authentication with Kerberos, supported capabilities or things to consider regarding the data type mapping.

## Prerequisites

> To start using Virtual Schemas you should know:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can start using Virtual Schemas you should know:
```
